README.md, before:

# mobilize

###Introduction
Experimental suite of CSS resets and adjustments, and optional JavaScript routines to make non "responsive" sites more "mobile friendly". Tested on 3 sites, all of which subsequently passed Google's "mobile friendly" test here just by implementing just the basic CSS script. https://www.google.co.uk/webmasters/tools/mobile-friendly/

This script is implemented on http://cookiesdirective.com - which was not built as a responsive website, nor with mobile devices in mind. It passed the test. The site also uses the "unmobilize" and "remobilize move-before-x" classes to improve appearance marginally.

####How to use
1. Upload mobilize.css to your server, remember to amend any path dependencies in the remaining instructions
2. Add ```<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">``` to in between the ```<head></head>``` tags of your HTML page
3. Add this stylesheet in the ```<head></head>``` tags of your HTML page with ```<link href="mobilize.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />```


####Going Further
4. Use the "unmobilize" class to remove elements that just don't work when viewed on mobile. Add the class to the element
5. Use the "mobilize" class to enable mobile only elements. Add the class to the elements
6. Add additional directives to enhance aesthetics

####Going Further Still
7. Upload mobilize.js to your server, remember to amend any path dependencies in the remaining instructions
8. Add this script in the ```<head></head>``` tags of your HTML page ```<script type="text/javascript" src="mobilize.js"></script>```
9. Works for mobile view ports only. To restructure the DOM for better UI (great for bringing navigation sections top top of viewport which might sit in a sidebar on desktop site), add the "remobilize" class to an element together with one of the following:
  * move-first, moves element and all children to first in DOM tree in ```<BODY>```
  * move-last, moves element and all children to last in DOM tree in ```<BODY>```
  * move-before-x, moves element and all children directly before another element where x is the element's ID to move before

####Caveats
* If there are inline styles marked "!important" there's nothing to be done
* If your site uses table based markup this won't work

###Contributions
If you can improve this quick and dirty script please feel free to contribute

###License and Copyright
Mobilize is MIT licensed
Copyright 2015 Ollie Phillips

Commit message:

Last time I'll edit this README I swear

README.md, after:

# mobilize

##Breathe new life into your old, non-responsive website with "mobilize.css/js". Pass Google's "mobile friendly" test. 

###TL/DR
Simple implementation of one CSS file on older sites that helps pass Googles "mobile friendly" test and maintain your websites SERPs. Go further if you want to. Not a silver bullet. "Experimental" meaning I put it together and tested over two evenings and there is no guarantee Google's test will stay as is. They tend to respond to gamers in my my experience.

###Introduction
Experimental suite of CSS resets and adjustments, and optional JavaScript routines to make non "responsive" sites more "mobile friendly". Tested on 3 sites, all of which subsequently passed Google's "mobile friendly" test here just by implementing just the basic CSS script. https://www.google.co.uk/webmasters/tools/mobile-friendly/

This script is implemented on http://cookiesdirective.com - which was not built as a responsive website, nor with mobile devices in mind. It passed the test. The site also uses the "unmobilize" and "remobilize move-before-x" classes to improve appearance marginally.

####How to use
1. Upload mobilize.css to your server, remember to amend any path dependencies in the remaining instructions
2. Add ```<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">``` to in between the ```<head></head>``` tags of your HTML page
3. Add this stylesheet in the ```<head></head>``` tags of your HTML page with ```<link href="mobilize.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />```


####Going Further
4. Use the "unmobilize" class to remove elements that just don't work when viewed on mobile. Add the class to the element
5. Use the "mobilize" class to enable mobile only elements. Add the class to the elements
6. Add additional directives to enhance aesthetics

####Going Further Still
7. Upload mobilize.js to your server, remember to amend any path dependencies in the remaining instructions
8. Add this script in the ```<head></head>``` tags of your HTML page ```<script type="text/javascript" src="mobilize.js"></script>```
9. Works for mobile view ports only. To restructure the DOM for better UI (great for bringing navigation sections top top of viewport which might sit in a sidebar on desktop site), add the "remobilize" class to an element together with one of the following:
  * move-first, moves element and all children to first in DOM tree in ```<BODY>```
  * move-last, moves element and all children to last in DOM tree in ```<BODY>```
  * move-before-x, moves element and all children directly before another element where x is the element's ID to move before

####Caveats
* If there are inline styles marked "!important" there's nothing to be done
* If your site uses table based markup this won't work
* Google's "mobile friendly" test and requirements could change and get more stringent and this could all have been folly

###Contributions
If you can improve this quick and dirty script please feel free to contribute

###License and Copyright
Mobilize is MIT licensed
Copyright 2015 Ollie Phillips
